hello everybody a higher with my RC
trophy truck this truck was based off of
the RC system back from 2003 with the
drôme racer series so first let's start
off with the basic RC system the RC
system has three main components it has
the RC battery unit right there which
has a motor in front for steering which
goes to the steering unit which I'm
using currently right now in this truck
and the rear has each a buggy motor so
the rear drive is powered by two buggy
motors geared down with a 12 to 24 tooth
and
unit which has independent suspension
using the nine long shocks from the
Unimog the rear has a swing arm
suspension which is similar to the RC
race buggy from the drôme racer series
but the thing is I geared it down more
using a 12 to 24 tooth tiger has a mud
flap which helps from rocks to come up
into the body I also have a blower up
there and a technic flag back here along
with a spare tire now let's see it drive
here's the RC controller right here the
racers and let's nurse drive steering
let's go
thanks for watching and be sure to check
out my other videos with the RC system
thank you